## String Conversions

String converion has following functions-

- simple_strtoull - This method converts a string to an unsigned long long; kstrtoull
is suggested to use. This takes as an argument start of the string, a pointer to the
end of the parsed string and the number of base to use.
- simple_strtoul - This method converts a string to an unsigned long; kstrtoul is
suggested to use. This takes an arguments start of the string, a pointer to the end
of the parsed string and the number of base to use.
- simple_strtol - This method converts a string to a signed long; kstrtol is suggested
to use. This takes as an argument start of the string, a pointer to the end of the
parsed string and the number of the base to use.
- simple_strtoll - This method converts a string to a signed long long; kstrtoll is
suggested to use. This takes as an argument start of the string, a pointer to the end
of the parsed string and the number of base to use.
- vsnprintf - This method formats a string and place it in buffer. This function
generally follows C99 vsnprintf but has some extensions. The return value is the number of characters which would be generated for the given input, excluding the trailing '\0', as per ISO C99. If you want to have the exact number of characters written into buf as return value (not including the trailing '\0'), use vscnprintf. If the return is greater than or equal to size, the resulting string is truncated. If you're not already dealing with a va_list consider using snprintf.
- vscnprintf - This method formats a string and place it in a buffer. The return value
is the number of character which have been written into the buf including the trailing
`\0` If size is == 0 the function returns 0.If you're not already dealing with a va_list consider using scnprintf.
- snprintf - This method formats a string and place it in a buffer. The return value is the number of characters which would be generated for the given input, excluding the trailing null, as per ISO C99. If the return is greater than or equal to size, the resulting string is truncated.
- scnprintf - This method formats a string and place it in a buffer. The return value is the number of characters written into buf not including the trailing '\0'. If size is == 0 the function returns 0.
- vsprintf - This method formats a string and place it in a buffer. The function returns the number of characters written into buf. Use vsnprintf or vscnprintf in order to avoid buffer overflows. This takes destination buffer to place the result into, format of the string
to use and arguments of the format string.
- sprintf - This method formats a string and place it in a buffer. The function returns the number of characters written into buf. Use snprintf or scnprintf in order to avoid buffer overflows. This takes the buffer to place the result into, the format of the string to use
and arguements for the format string.
- vbin_printf - This method parse a format string and place args binary value in a
buffer. The format follows C99 vsnprintf, except n is ignored, and its argument is skipped.
The return value is the number of words(32bits) which would be generated for the given input. This takes the buffer to place args binary value, the size of the buffer(by words(32 bits), not characters), the format string to use, arguments of the format string.
- bstr_printf - Format a string from binary arguments and place it in a buffer. This function like C99 vsnprintf, but the difference is that vsnprintf gets arguments from stack, and bstr_printf gets arguments from bin_buf which is a binary buffer that generated by vbin_printf. The format follows C99 vsnprintf, but has some extensions: see vsnprintf comment for details. The return value is the number of characters which would be generated for the given input, excluding the trailing '\0', as per ISO C99. If you want to have the exact number of characters written into buf as return value (not including the trailing '\0'), use vscnprintf. If the return is greater than or equal to size, the resulting string is truncated. This takes the buffer to place the result into, the size of the buffer including the trailingnull space, the format string to use, binary arguments for the format string.
- bprintf - Parse a format string and place args binary value in a buffer.
